hi this Bob with Gibbs RV and today
we're looking at a 2004 Starcraft r/t
tent trailer toy hauler that's right
tint trailer and toy hauler with
off-road construction you can see on the
front here it has a diamond plate dock
with tie-downs built right in to secure
your bicycles or ATV has a neat little
loading door that opens right here on
the side put your ramp up you can drive
them right up there then when it's
extended this bed pulls forward you can
see the supporting rails and there's an
additional bed on the backside here so
you get beds front and rear as well see
it's got heavy-duty off-road tires
aluminum wheels diamond plate front and
rear stabilizer Jack's on all four
corners so it doesn't Rock when you're
inside and just look at that ground
clearance if you want to go off-road
where nobody else camps this is the unit
to do it with comes with propane tanks
and batteries manual crank up I put this
up myself they're pretty easy to operate
canvas is all in really good condition
we don't have any tears no mildew as an
outside shower here which is look great
for cleanups and of course holding tanks
for water and wastewater and there's
also a bathroom in this it's kind of a
unique setup I'll show you inside here
you just open the little door and you
come inside
here's that front bed now these windows
unzip the canvas zips out so you can
have the visibility with bug screens
that black bag you see there is an
outside barbecue or you can hook up you
want to cook outside we have benches
here as you walk in this one actually
pulls out further to allow for
additional sleeping you have a galley
area with the sink heater two burner
stove on the other side and silverware
storage below now here is the bathroom
it's all in one you've got the toilet
and you see the curtain here there is a
shower and shower pan on the bottom a
privacy curtain that folds around or
when you put it down you simply take
this back
bored lay it across and the cushion up
here in the front becomes another seat
there's also a removable dinette table
we have folded up for now just so you
can get in here and show the trailer a
little bit better and of course zip outs
for all the canvas on the front as well
it's got nice hard solid platform roof
with fantastic fan above hot water
heater
pretty much everything you're gonna need
to get out and enjoy some camping rain
or shine
it's kind of a rare one it's a 2004
Starcraft 11 r/t tent trailer toy hauler
combo awning on the front ready to go
camping
the Gibbs RV in Coos Bay one eight
hundred eight two four four three eight
eight remember we take trades we also
offer financing and we can help with
delivery wherever you might live so give
us a call Gibbs are